It seems that Jiang Caicai is going to be made difficult
I believe he can solve it.
Mr. Gu, you are the president of Story Group
Why didn't you tell Jiang Caicai?
After Jiang Xue clung to me
Fox fake tiger power
He kicked Jiang Caicai and his mother out of the Jiang family
Although I was unaware of this
However, Jiang Caicai has always believed that
If it weren't for me
He and his mother would not have been kicked out of the Jiang family
He hates me.
Of course I can't reveal my identity to him
Did you make Jiang Cai dishes?
Hmph, I know you'll deal with me
But I didn't expect you to be so impatient
I didn't expect you to use such a pediatric way
I really shouldn't look up to you
Don't change the subject
In the end, did you spill your life?
Don't say I didn't do it
What if I did it?
What do you mean?
I mean...
What if the garbage blueprints flow out?
You are presumptuous
So many of us
The results of more than 3 months of work together
You were insulted by urban garbage
You just don't know the sky is high
I wasn't abusive.
I saw your blueprints
I draw
You can design something a hundred times more powerful than him
OK, then you can change it.
If you can't design it, get out of the company for me
What if I could do it?
Give me the position of director of your clothing department
It's a deal.